This again let's look at why you need the media equerries right because everything looks very nice or
here right.
However if we go to a bigger screen like the one we're actually opening with our browser here right
not the left preview right you can see that we have skills.
However the problem is here as you can see that as I make my screen bigger right it stays the same.
Right.
Because we start it again with a mobile design.
So this wouldn't be looking like this on a bigger screen right.
And this is not something that we would want.
Right.
We always leave with one some kind of columns right next to each other right.
And we're going to be using media queries in fluxbox for that.
So we're going to do more here.
We're going to write and this is going to be media equerry.
So I'm going to say media and I'm going to say media and we're going to see screen here and then we're
going to say on an on here I'm going to say men with here like this with I don't want to say 576 pixels.
And again this is an arbitrary value you can use whatever you want.
However this 576 is for the bootstrap small screen.
Right.
So that's why I'm using this.
So this is some kind of value that you can just use as a reference.
No here remember this class skills center right actually wrapped all around articles.
And first thing that I'm going to say is that this should always stay like this right.
I will say this should always have a max with someone to Max with an I'm going to say this is going
to max with 90 you with this or he is then I'm going to say this is going to have Marjan zero.
No no it's always going to place it in the center you know like this.
And then the next thing that I would want to do is actually add some more value.
Right.
So here what I'm going to say is that starting from the screen 576 right now we want to display this
display and I'm going to say flex right.
And let's just check it out how it looks like.
So you can see that there's definitely bigger than 576.
Right.
And if we save it we're here.
Nothing changed.
Right.
And this is interesting because we missed something.
So yeah I think it was skills center right so now for saving this should look different.
And sure enough right now you can see that this actually is right away looking like this right.
So you can see it right away as soon as I refresh the right.
You can see that this is actually in display flex right.
And the way it looks like right this is on one row and you can see that it's using actually 90 viewport.
And if I'm going to go back to smaller screen I can see what happens right now they're all squishing
together Scotian together right.
And this is what you want to fix right.
So starting from 576.
This is what we would have.
So we're going to go back over here and once we have this play flex again we're going to say first right
and this is very important.
When you say justify content and space between.
Right.
Because what we would want we would want them to be actually pushed out as far as they can.
This is very important if you want to working with a flex box you want to actually do the layout.
Right.
So make sure you have a justified content and space between then after that we're going to have flex
when I say wrap and we're going to say or here and they should wrap here.
Right.
So we're going to say flex wrap.
So as the screen actually is going to get smaller actually going to start wrapping.
All right then after that once we have this one to say for each individual skill right we're going to
say like this we're going to say for the class of skill they should flex right.
So they shouldn't grow or here they shouldn't shrink.
Right.
So here you can see that I'm saying 0 for grow and one for shrink.
So basically I'm saying I don't want them to here grow but I don't want them to shrink either.
Right.
So zero for a grow and one for shrink here and then we're going to have a calque where we're going to
have a base rally.
So calque over here and over here we're going to say this is going to be twenty five or sorry 50 50
percent right because we would have to screen and on here we're going to have a minus like this and
we're going to say to EON's and let me talk through what's happening all right.
So make sure it's very important to have this sign right in between the spaces So basically don't write
like this because then it's not going to work.
So make sure that there are spaces in between like this right.
You can even see that it actually changes the value right.
Change the color.
Now we have 50 percent here and this is two hips and two CMs is actually a gap in between.
All right so here let's go back over here again and we're going to say this here and if we refresh and
I can see what we have right.
So first of all we have two columns side by side.
All right.
So starting from the screen 576 each column or here's 50 percent or right.
And those two IEMs you can see or hear right.
So remember when we had the value space between.
Right.
So remember we're here right.
So we placed them side by side right 90 percent of you you with.
And then replace them as far as way from each other right.
And then we place over here these two teams right.
And again this is the value that you can change if.
You can do something like this.
You can have one team.
So let's refresh.
Sure enough they actually became closer to each other.
Right.
So because we all here only have the gap of one.
All right.
Now here remember this guy right.
So again if this would be one this would grow well we don't want it to grow.
This would be zero.
This actually wouldn't shrink.
Well we actually want it to shrink.
Right.
So here we're going to say one more year like this.
And then the next value who would want his or her base swelling what you're going to use a clock.
All right.
So I'm going to say Coke or here and we're going to say this is going to be 50 percent minus one.
Yeah.
So we're going to go back over here and let's just set some values so let's all go here and I'm going
to say we're here and this is going to be a different media screen.
Right.
So what I can do or here is I can just copy and paste this here.
And for the immediate screen when going to say is media screen medium with an on here let's say 776
right.
So for a bigger screen right all this is going to stay the same and change this value around.
So I'm going to say here I'm going to do this.
I'm going to save this on here.
And instead of 25 percent.
Right.
So instead of 50 they're going to place 25.
And we can just leave this one here.
Right.
And let's say this and let's see.
What's happening is on here and what I'm saying is for the minimum 576 six should look like this.
Once we go to the bigger screen right to the screen of 776 right should actually change that 25 minus
one.
So we're going to go back over here.
I'm going to refresh on this screen you can see this is going to be 50 percent as I'm actually going
to the bigger screen right.
The moment it hits 776 now we can see how this one looks like right now if we really want right we can
add maybe a little bit of changes right.
First of all maybe you know what let's maybe change from 776 maybe like change the 9 9 to.
For the bigger screen.
Maybe then it's like going to look bigger.
Right.
So we're going to save this.
Still this is going to be 50 and now only when we reach actually or here this nine to right now we actually
have the value right.
That's actually work right.
So here what's happening is if we're going to be actually shrinking it down.
Right.
You can see what happens the moment we actually get to the screen right.
This is how it's going to look like.
And this is how we can work with a responsive media query right in order to make this one look exactly
like the way it looks over here.